ref: missing `adds --jobs` (#3199)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

- `jobs` - change the default number of processes for
  [remote storage](/doc/command-reference/remote) synchronization operations

>   (see the `--jobs` option of `dvc push`, `dvc pull`, `dvc fetch`, `dvc get`,
>   `dvc add`, `dvc import`, `dvc update`, `dvc import-url`, `dvc get-url`,
>   `dvc status` and `dvc gc`). Accepts positive integers. The default is

Reviewer: Now that I see it the list seems unnecessarily long...
```suggestion
  (see the `--jobs` option of dvc push`, `dvc pull`, `dvc get`, `dvc import`,
  `dvc update`, `dvc add --to-remote`, `dvc gc -c`, etc.). Accepts positive
  integers. The default is
```
